docs: Update the required Python version and note the 2.x documentation site (#1946)
canonical/operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to document version dependencies

> We publish separate documentation for each major version of Ops. We generally only make improvements to the latest version of the docs, and only backport changes that are applicable only to the older version, or are critical for charming.

Reviewer: I suppose strictly speaking, if a doc change is only applicable to the older version, it wouldn't be in the latest docs in the first place - so there'd be nothing to backport. But I get what you mean. We update the 2.x docs in case of an Ops change that only applies to version 2.x. What do you think about this alternative wording?

```suggestion
We publish separate documentation for each major version of Ops. We generally only make improvements to the latest version of the docs. If an older version of Ops changes in a way that's only applicable to that version, we update the older version of the docs. We also update the older version of the docs if there's an improvement that's critical for charming.
```
